README.md, before:

# Hello there 👋

Let's start with a bit of fun before getting into serious stuff. Are you better then me in beating the score of `+0.04`? Try it out [here](https://jersyfi.github.io/Cherish-the-time/) and **Cherish the time**.

## What programming languages do i know? 

```javascript
const profile = [
    name = 'Jérôme Bastian Winkel',
    languages = [
        'common' => [
            'PHP' => ['Laravel', 'Livewire'],
            'JavaScript' => ['TypeScript', 'Alpine.js', 'React', 'Next.js'],
            'CSS & HTML' => ['Bootstrap', 'Tailwind CSS']
        ],
        'uncommon' => [
            'Java', 'C', 'C++', 'C#'
        ]
     ]
]
```

## GitHub Stats
[![Jersyfi's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api?username=jersyfi)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
<br>[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=jersyfi&layout=compact)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

Commit message:

Support me on Ko-Fi

README.md, after:

# Hello there 👋

Let's start with a bit of fun before getting into serious stuff. Are you better then me in beating the score of `+0.04`? Try it out [here](https://jersyfi.github.io/Cherish-the-time/) and **Cherish the time**.

If you liked my projects and would like me to spend more time on them, please feel free to support me on Ko-Fi.

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/H2H8HXXHG)

## What programming languages do i know? 

```javascript
const profile = [
    name = 'Jérôme Bastian Winkel',
    languages = [
        'common' => [
            'PHP' => ['Laravel', 'Livewire'],
            'JavaScript' => ['TypeScript', 'Alpine.js', 'React', 'Next.js'],
            'CSS & HTML' => ['Bootstrap', 'Tailwind CSS']
        ],
        'uncommon' => [
            'Java', 'C', 'C++', 'C#'
        ]
     ]
]
```

## GitHub Stats
[![Jersyfi's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api?username=jersyfi)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
<br>[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=jersyfi&layout=compact)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
